Everyone, please come here.
I'll read you a book.
Everyone, come here.
The book is for the loser.
Please come here.
I like reading.
When I read it, I feel like throwing a bean.
I'll read it.
Don't tell me you don't understand.
What is it?
I'll read the poem of my sister.
The poem of my sister?
That's strange.
What is the poem of my sister?
I don't like it.
That's the poem of my sister.
I'll read it.
I can't speak.
What is it?
I'll read it.
I can't sing.
What is it?
I'll read it.
I can't speak.
Please stop.
I don't like it.
You're not a bean.
You're a bird.
I can't speak.
I'll read it.
The bird is waiting for a bird to come.
What?
It's waiting for a bird.
Why didn't you call it?
I've been calling it.
I didn't call it.
I wrote it in the book.
I'm waiting for a bird.
What?
Don't write it.
It's a bird.
I don't like it.
I'm not a bird.
It's strange.
I see.
I'm not going to write it.
It's strange.
What do you say?
A bird is a bird.
A bird?
I'm surprised.
I don't think so.
I can't see the enemy.
It's annoying.
I'll open the window.
I'm sorry.